hello I'm Jimmy thank you for watching
our show tonight
I appreciate it this is the eighth night
of angry protests across this country
and around the world including here in
Los Angeles where people are fed up with
the inequities and abuse our president
if we can still even call him that seems
to believe he is the warden overseeing a
prison break this morning he tweeted DC
had no problems last night many arrests
great job done by all overwhelming force
domination
likewise Minneapolis was great Thank You
President Trump he wrote this forget
presidents as any other person ever
thanked himself in a tweet other than
Trump I don't think anyone has like
could you imagine Joe Montana riding San
Francisco for Super Bowl rings
thank you Joe Montana no you can't
because it's unimaginable
he is unimaginable and while the
president is giving himself another
reach-around
we had another curfew tonight here in
Los Angeles there's a curfew in New York
looters who should never be confused
with protesters because they are
entirely different groups have
unfortunately provided the Fox News errs
with an excuse to lump people together
which is what they do best and I don't
know about you I've yet to see a looter
carrying a protest sign but there are
military vehicles in our streets or army
Hummers getting gas at the station down
the block from my house this is cell
phone video from someone in Minneapolis
where the president is so proud of his
domination
that's members of law enforcement firing
paint canisters at people who are at
home on their porch we've seen police
officers armed like soldiers going to
war at the same time we still have
doctors and nurses forced to wear masks
they made at home and we've also seen
glimmers of hope we've seen policemen
marching with protesters we seen
policemen kneeling with protesters in
places like Camden New Jersey
the police practice de-escalation we've
seen protesters protecting the police
like this group of demonstrators
shielding a white officer who got
separated from his squad we've seen
strong statements from American
companies like this to say were deeply
saddened by the brutal inhumane and
absolutely evil public lynching of
George Floyd would be an understatement
were pissed said the people from hello
tushy tushy bidet but good for them a
company that manufactures but hoses has
shown more compassion and clarity than
the president of this country this is a
week that any other president would have
gone on TV and at least tried to bring
us together he would have at least
pretended to have a message of unity and
hope but this president hope nope he
can't even go through the motions he
called George Floyd's brother because
somebody probably told him it would look
good to do that or maybe he's
egomaniacal enough to think it would
smooth everything over he didn't even
give his brother a chance to speak on
the phone instead he uses Twitter to
brag about how the Secret Service was
prepared to unleash ominous weapons and
the most vicious dogs on protesters
while he was hiding in a bunker
underground mr. tough guy was whisked
into a panic bunker on Friday as crowds
assembled outside the White House took
three and a half years he finally got
that massive crowd to show up for him in
DC and the reports that he was holed up
in hiding must have really gotten under
that orange skin because yesterday from
the Rose Garden first he gave another
terrible speech and then decided to walk
from the White House to st. John's
Church which is a church that was
partially burned over the weekend and
cause he decided to take this
unannounced little rooster walk his
attorney general bill Barr directed the
police to clear the area
they used tear gas and rubber bullets to
disperse a totally peaceful crowd of
protesters so Trump could have his photo
op which by the way I want you to see
this photo op because he's holding a
Bible upside down in front of the church
which isn't that just perfect never went
into the church didn't say a prayer just
held up the Bible post went back home
the bishop of the diocese said she was
outraged she said let me be clear the
president just used a Bible the most
sacred text of the judeo-christian
tradition and one of the churches of my
diocese without permission as a backdrop
for a message antithetical to the
teachings of Jesus which is a pretty
sick burn for a bishop but if anyone has
taught us that you can't trust a
politician who uses a Bible as a prop
it's the guy who railed against Ted Cruz
back in 2016 he is some liar he's a
professional liar you know I say it I'm
doing great with evangelicals but lyin
Ted comes in and he holds the Bible up
and he holds it high right he holds it
high and then he lies he lies it really
is a clip for every scenario with him so
after Trump paid his respects the White
House which vehemently denied that photo
in front of the church was a photo-op
posted a highlights reel of video
celebrating the president's heroic walk
across the street with an inspiring
soundtrack and everything
[Music]
well maybe God is watching over us after
all it's just hard to believe he exists
today he tweeted that his administration
has done more for the black community
than any president since Abraham Lincoln
and the best is yet to come there's more
how could it get any better than this I
have no idea merica great again by the
way they love african-american people
they love black people what the hell are
you saying you know four years ago this
was Trump's pitch to the black people
and I say honestly what do you have to
lose not gonna get any worse well it
took a while
took four years but we finally found out
over the past week you know I've been
hearing I've been reading some very
thoughtful posts and words from very
smart people some of whom say white
people shouldn't be talking right now
they should be listening and I get that
I don't disagree with that but I'm the
only one here and it's a talk show so I
want to share what I've been thinking
about and trying to sort through and I
know that a lot of white people bristle
when they hear the word privilege as in
white privilege because there are
millions of white people who didn't grow
up with money or a good education or a
solid family background or maybe even a
family at all so when they hear the word
privilege they go what privilege I grew
up with nothing I I work hard I earn
what I have nobody gave me anything you
hear the phrase white privilege and it's
easy to get defensive I first time I
heard it I did I did to me white
privilege was but like Donald Trump had
a wealthy father and a silver spoon in
his mouth
wasn't what I grew up with so I I
rejected it because I didn't understand
what white privilege meant but I think I
do now I think I at least understand
some of it and here's what I think it is
people who are white we don't have to
deal with negative assumptions being
made about us based on the color of our
skin it rarely happens if ever whereas
black people experience that every day
like every day and please don't tell me
you don't ever make assumptions about
people based on the color of their skin
because I just I don't believe it we all
do I know I have I'm embarrassed to say
it but I have and so imagine if you can
how frustrating it must be to have to
prove yourself to be something other
than what people assume you probably are
every day sometimes multiple times every
day yesterday I was watching the news
there was a newscast from Van Nuys and
some looters were trying to get into a
shop and some people who live in the
community who were black flagged down
the police to stop the looters but when
the police showed up they immediately
handcuffed the people who flagged them
down the reporter had to tell him no not
these guys those guys imagine how
frustrating it must be to get handcuffed
or frisked or pulled over just because
you're black I mean even if the cop
looks in the car goes okay everything's
fine have a nice day how do you swallow
that and move on I don't know about you
that would make me furious and now
imagine what it must be like to be
brutalized and killed and scared that
those things might happen what happened
to George Floyd was on video I mean how
often does this happen without a camera
recording the whole thing it sounds to
me like it happens all the time
we just don't see it unless it gets
posted online and then we're shocked and
black people are like why are you
shocked we've been telling you this has
been happening over and over again so if
you're wondering why people are angry
and why they can't just march nicely in
the street holding up their signs in a
single-file line maybe that's why I read
something last night that I think makes
a lot of sense
it's this white privilige doesn't mean
your life hasn't been hard it just means
the color of your skin isn't one of the
things that makes it harder wherever you
stand I don't see how you can argue with
that
so thanks for listening I hope that made
sense and we'll be right back with
Shaquille O'Neal